# Mango Data Engineering Technical Problem

The winemag-data-130k-v2-formatted.json file contains a list of review for wine from various users.

We would like you to demonstrate Python, database and API knowledge to provide some insight into the wine reviews.

## Insight Problem

### Schema Creation
Construct a database schema and user called 'vino' with password 'vino'

### Table Population

Create two tables.  One called 'reviews' which matches structure of the JSON records and another 'userinfo' that contains the following fields for a given Twitter user:

* id - autogenerated primary key
* name - name of the user
* description - a description of the user
* profile_image_url - Profile image URL
* followers_count - Count of their followers

Write a script that reads and parses the json file then inserts the data into the MySQL database.

### Twitter User Population

Write a script that queries the MySQL database table and list all users with a Twitter handle, fetches the data required for the 'userinfo' table from the twitter API, and inserts that data into the MySQL database.

### Unique Reviewers Query

Write a script that counts the number of unique reviewers in the reviews table.

### n Reviewers Query

Write a script that ouputs users with five or more reviews.

### Twitter Followers/Reviews

Write a script that looks at the Twitter users and calculates a score for followers_count * number of reviews for that user.

## Submission

The output you should include in the final submission (as a compressed zip file) should be:

* Table Population Script (Python) for managing the database (create, drop, list structure)
* Twitter User Population script (Python) for querying the database, the API and inserting data into the userinfo table
* Output file for the unique reviewers
* Output file for the twitter followers/reviews
* Output file for the users with 5 reviews or more
* A dumped MySQL database structure
* Suitable tests for the scripts

A few notes:

* Please DO NOT put this on Github.  
* Please provide this as a Dropbox link and email the link back to techtests@mango-solutions.com
